[Music] yeah
[Music]
two
and we are replenishing fire
[Music]
or
so it is
ah
Yes
Thank you
[Music]
and no
[Music] good
[Music]
nerd
giorgi
and then net your coordination with speed
then 28 h anna all transparent text
from the simple
w
[Applause]
with food
but active knows s
experience
the sea
instead of missions I
auster and Spanish version instructor very much
return to the water the final
facebook hardware
but good as right away
maybe japan warnings are applied mount nowhere
tax so that my glove those are perfect
Yes
I don't know with what in the tackle allowing
you have to do is the irrigation does not speak then
nyse nws
and then do
robert sanders tried
the fact died spheres
cons
[Music]
effect of our injection
o wing airlines ezequiel [Music]
besides explaining
[Music]
the greatest of the dangerous do not exist
[Music] [Applause]
[Music]
nor to whom [Music]
and they already want the ford as it is
and a level of the nights
what is monday
also receives explains
I want a level of who expresses [Applause]
[Music] tve
a large part of nextel you wrote the mount
in my boat
Yes
[Music]
eleven
later
well
[Music]
[Music] you
Ah good